chore(sdk): v0.10 migration guide (#493)
pubky/pubky-core: docs/v0.10-migration/grant-auth.md

| Grant replay requires possession of the client private key | No replay prevention                                         |
| Grants can be listed and revoked individually              | No listing or revocation possible                            |
| Supports the upcoming homeserver mirroring                 | Doesn't support multiple homeservers                         |
| Recommended in Pubky v0.10+                                | Deprecated and scheduled for removal                         |

The cookie belongs to the homeserver domain rather than the third-party application. Consequently, website B can receive the same homeserver cookie used by website A and potentially exercise A's permissions. Grant authentication prevents this by using bearer tokens, binding each authorization to an app-specific key, and explicitly scoped capabilities.

## Client ID

A new client ID is introduced when creating a grant authentication session. It is an identifier that is saved alongside the session in the homeserver. When a users lists all session with the new session management api, the client ID is listed.

> A client name can be any domain like string and should identify your application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new client ID is introduced when creating a grant authentication session. It is an identifier that is saved alongside the session in the homeserver. When a user lists all session with the new session management api, the client ID is listed.

A client name can be any domain-like string and should identify your application. 
```

Examples:
- `pubkyapp.synonym.to`
- `example-app`

## Auth Flow / QR Login

> Grant auth flows add a required client ID and produce a grant-backed, self-refreshing session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grant auth flows require a client ID and produce a grant-backed, self-refreshing session.
```
